The war of the Manmoliang clan is about to begin
This place is near Jade City Pass
Will be affected by war
After the Yucheng Pass is broken
It is the entire Qingzhou Kingdom
The demons will attack Yuchengguan
Grandpa, those demons are really
The demons of ancient legends
After the ancient evil war
Wild Land
Contaminated by the remnant will of the evil god
There is one spiritual power
The Holy Spirit is used for cultivation
Madness tyranny
Desire twists and expands
Later
And demons were born.
I see.
Grandpa, will you do it, grandpa?
Can't leave this place
I'm really powerless
There is a performance in Beijing, New China
As long as you gather enough popularity
Can form an enchantment from west to east
Even so
Can't resist
What you said
Is it a blessing left by the Immortal Dynasty?
Demons are different from demons
Demons are irresistible, but they fight
Although my swordsmanship is the city
But as a prince of a country
Has the sky-high bloodline blessed by the Immortal Dynasty
Knowing the life and death of so many people
How can you turn a blind eye?
I want to go back to Beijing
Even death
I also want to die in Shangjing
Ugh
Grandpa
so
So I left.
Well, go for it.
Ye Xuan
Thank you grandpa for taking care of you these two years
kid
I have something for you
Come here.
On your knees!